DOCU-3314 Post-GA release of API Product Builder spec (#5783)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/updates.md

from a single, cloud-based control plane, and provides a catalog of all deployed
services. [Try it today!](https://cloud.konghq.com/quick-start)

## July 2023

**API Products API released**

> : The API products API has been released to support the objective of making API consumption straightforward for developers. Explore the API spec on our [Dev Portal](https://developer.konghq.com/spec/d420333f-01b0-464e-a87a-97acc92c2026/941af975-8cfa-40f7-afea-e82d248489a0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: A new Konnect API for managing API products and versions is now available for external consumption. This API allows you to create and manage API products and versions, upload documentation and spec, and link a version to an existing Gateway service to enable application registration. As a result, you can easily integrate this API into your automated pipeline to streamline publishing documentation for your products to your third party developers. Explore the API spec on our [Developer Portal](https://developer.konghq.com/spec/d420333f-01b0-464e-a87a-97acc92c2026/941af975-8cfa-40f7-afea-e82d248489a0)
```

> : A new Konnect API for managing API products and versions is now available for external consumption. This API allows you to create and manage API products and versions, upload documentation and spec, and link a version to an existing Gateway service to enable application registration. As a result, you can easily integrate this API into your automated pipeline to streamline publishing documentation for your products to your third party developers. Explore the API spec on our [Developer Portal](https://developer.konghq.com/spec/d420333f-01b0-464e-a87a-97acc92c2026/941af975-8cfa-40f7-afea-e82d248489a0)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
: A new {{site.konnect_short_name}} API for managing API products and versions is now available for external consumption. This API allows you to create and manage API products and versions, upload documentation and specs, and link a version to an existing Gateway service to enable application registration. As a result, you can integrate this API into your automated pipeline to streamline publishing documentation for your products to your third-party developers. Explore the API spec on our [Developer Portal](https://developer.konghq.com/spec/d420333f-01b0-464e-a87a-97acc92c2026/941af975-8cfa-40f7-afea-e82d248489a0)
```
